chore: documentation improvements (#139)
roadrunner-server/roadrunner-docs: docs/en/php/debugging.md

1. Step over to some place where job task is being resolved with `$consumer->waitTask()`.
2. As soon as you reach it, debugger stops but session will still be active.

> 3. Trigger task consumptions either with HTTP request or console command (depends on how your application works)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Trigger task consumption with either an HTTP request or a console command (depending on how your application works).
```
